Thanks for your purchase!

For more info on samples, presets & loops please visit

ghosthack.de

License Agreement for Users of GHOSTHACK software, content and sample libraries
(‘Software & Samples’) This License Agreement governs the legal relationship between
you, the purchaser (hereafter referred to as ‘the Customer’ of GHOSTHACK software,
content and sample libraries, and GHOSTHACK. All Software and Sound Recordings
are sold under the following Single- User Media Producer License and may be used/stored
on up to two personal computers. For a Multi-User License or Site License, please us
directly through our contact form on GHOSTHACK.com GHOSTHACK ofers
digital goods and services, mainly in the form of Software & Sound Efects Sample
Libraries (hereafter referred to as’Samples’, from its website,
www.GHOSTHACK.com. which can be downloaded after paying a license fee. The
Customer’s use of the Software & Samples is subject to agreeing to the conditions in
this License Agreement. By downloading, installing, or using the Software & Samples
in any other way, the Customer agrees to be legally bound by the terms of this License
Agreement. The Software & Samples may be used for the Customer’s own productions
(for example: motion picture or television productions, computer and video games,
theater productions, radio plays, websites, etc.), hereafter referred to as ‘Projects’
This License Agreement includes:

1. Mechanical Rights: The right to re-record, duplicate, and release the Samples as part
of the Customer’s Project in whatever media the Customer
chooses (video, film, digital formats, etc.)

2. Synchronization Rights: The right to use the Samples as a soundtrack ‘synced’ with
visual images, or sounds as part of the Customer’s Project.

3. Public Performance and Broadcast Rights: The right to use the Samples as part
of the public viewing or broadcast of the Customer’s Project, including, but not limited
to films, television, DVDs, Blu-Ray Disks, websites, podcasts, multimedia productions,
and radio.
Limits of Use
This License Agreement excludes any isolated and/or independent use of the Samples.
The license granted in this Agreement is personal to you, and limited to a Project.
GHOSTHACK only licenses the use of the Samples it provides; it retains full
rights concerning the Software & Samples. The use of the Samples for the creation
of a sound library or audio samples or for any sample-based product even if modified
and Sharing or storing the Software & Sound recordings on a public server or
torrent site is strictly prohibited. In addition, the Samples may not be repackaged in
whole or part as sample libraries or audio samples or digital instrument patches or
any other product, without the prior written permission of GHOSTHACK. Further
you are not allowed to claim authorship of the software samples.
Indemnification
You shall indemnify Licensor from, and against any and all claims, demands, suits,
awards, damages, suits, injuries, liabilities and all reasonable expenses, including
attorneys fees incurred by Licensor with respect to any matter that arises as a result
of a breach of this Agreement by you. Licensor shall not have the right to enjoin the
use of the Sounds or to rescind any rights granted to Licensee hereunder.Licensor will
defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensee and its affiliated, related or subsidiary
companies and its and/or their employees, directors, officers, agents, shareholders,
successors, assigns or licensees from and against any and all losses, costs, damages,
expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) and other liabilities arising from a
claim, demand, action or suit alleging that the Sounds infringe a third party’s
copyright, trademarks or patents and shall pay all damages, fees, and costs finally
awarded against Licensee and its affiliated, related or subsidiary companies, entities or
divisions and its and/or their respective employees, directors, officers, agents,
shareholders, successors, assigns or licensees in such action or any settlement thereof.
General
This License Agreement contains the entire agreement between GHOSTHACK and the
Customer regarding the licensing, use, and liability limitations related to the use of
GHOSTHACK products, in particular the aforementioned Samples. No part of this
License Agreement may be amended, altered, modified, or waived in any way except in
writing, specifying such an amendment, alteration, modification, or waiver, executed
by both GHOSTHACK and the Customer. If any part of this License Agreement is
deemed contrary to law or partially or entirely void in any way by any law or court of
law, then the remaining provisions of the License Agreement will remain in full force and
effect.